hi everybody with you and today you
tell and show how to install and
set up such a plugin called din
map this translates as dynamic
card and eventually you will see
about here is such a thing you will
see in browser pages when typing
certain ip and port you be
see your online dynamic map
server and I'll explain to you right now
do the first to do it go on
the tank. decided to find samghin map he just
called from 6 letters and so she
called without any additions
Click on Don and then find the version
for for our version we pump like
see here it is suitable for versions 152
so for our version it fits
we have a completely clean server that is
no plugins here just created the world
there we throw on the shagin map 19 and
we start our server we wait for loading we wait
progruzki genma and all we have in
basically ready now close the console
and go to the plugins folder and we
there was one mapo folder and here we can
set it up first of all
warn that one map works
only with open port that is for
you use it
will have to open port 1238 123 or
other any other and write it in
settings let's say I show you now
where is that port where is it
set up a web server here as you can see
here you are by default 8123 we can
let's change and add at the end
place of the 3rd century four and i will show later
what it looks like
further to us what if you want to
site display exactly hd textures
I use me and for tips here
such a site called banks
point ru wikipedia and here we change to
very near the top here is this defect
template
the suffix shaft spring high cut is obtained
us and the texture will be a little bit at least
better before
further if you want to chat you
you could write in Russian to you
will have to change one such thing with i
I'll find how
it looks and we find such a line by
name ki relexa port and here field
we change natra that is, we will write this
something in the chat then she will be
everything is displayed normally and in
Principle dreams settings we made now
we need to do
return to start the server and go to yourself
maykravta we slept about this some
incomprehensible island let's prescribe gay
mod 1 and build something in order
so for clarity so let's
let's build somebody just incomprehensible
anything red so we can
then see in principle and it will come down
let's add more to understand all this
let's say green
so that it was bulk and everything and now
we need to enter a command called
one magician forrender and he starts
render our world and he will render
just show the part that
we got it right here
this island
and where was the hour before and as you can see
here he writes that we are in the process of this
it turns out right now it is a flat world renders and
that is, the top view you will only
flat space see all the blocks in
principle, this render quickly passes
more pass much different render
which is called su space this
get render
exactly the three-dimensional view that is how
you saw here on this picture now you
now and wait a bit so she all
trends once and in general how you see
carefully wrote the render of world fashion
In principle, our map is supposed to
be ready and now move on
link go to lokalkhost
8 and in how we changed ne-8
124 well according to the standard goes 1238 123
but we are at 4 and now something we will
because most likely you will see this
2D map view from above as you can see
on the quality of textures and wait on top
very well seen because put
this value in the settings so on y
us here 2 pro sleeping piece of plot there
where apparently for the first time have slept
there are some such flaws sharp
lines okay, this happens next we
can go to the three-dimensional view we will
all see a three-dimensional view of how his
here the pieces of the world are circumcised because he
not glorified and let him go on
the place where we are now that is
this is this island as you can see all
very excellent quality everything is visible and
mine is very very cool here that
also such a piece as you can see
she looks all can increase there
let the ducks then houses incomprehensible but
when the increase has come down of course the quality
pictures but not directly much worse
but still a little worse but everything
equals very cool it all looks
the plugin is very, very interesting will
what is the world and little slept
have you got a big server with
the big world what it says there
in general there will be a very big world and
tom will be a lot of interesting fucking
there is almost no building on this map
in general, there is still one kind of world
us Kiev world
it can be disabled at construction sites but I
didn't do that because i like
what it looks like i am just for you what
show this mapping of underground caves
how the video is delivered in our region
I remember such caves here
even under us somewhere there is a reason
dig we'll see it don't know it
probably even cheater looks like
It is very unlikely to have someone this special will
use but still it is such
a small plus to somewhere here should
be a cave but find her probably the most
easy task
and we found her but somewhere she’s about
below us I do not know how it is like that
understand so well let's let's dig
any side but dad we found
the cave which was well though rather all
it may not be the case where we are
so once the cave who wanted to go
we found here a cave let's say
way but it's still not the easiest
image well and as you see here's a class here
this map of caves is very, very cool
the video is done but so that's traced
every bering can be seen and can even be on it
be guided if you are allowed
got lost
This of course a bit cheater on but all
as if it were not very big
familiar orphan class looks like this
very very cool i like it and in
In general, here's a plug-in genma pet
Basically the basic settings here are what
if you want to know more detailed
settings go to minecraft here this
a link
Wikipedia you throw off here and in more detail
settings but in general then again
I remind you that this plugin works
only open port or if it will
closed port will only see this
card you other no one will see and
such a cool plugin
subscribe put likes I hope
someone was useful in general then